notes from 2019.07.08 meeting (#114)
rust-lang/compiler-team: minutes/design-meeting/2019-07-08-triage-wg.md

# Triage Working Group Discussion

- [Zulip thread](https://rust-lang.zulipchat.com/#narrow/stream/131828-t-compiler/topic/steering.20meeting.202019-07-05)

# Summary

- Discussed ideas of a triage working group and how that might interact

> - Discussed the imminent departure of pnkfelix/nikomatsakis and what to do in the meantime

Reviewer: Yes, this sentence only caused a minor heart attack.

Author: lol

Author: ```suggestion
- Discussed pnkfelix/nikomatsakis taking leave over next few weeks and what to do in the meantime
```
